# Paragraph

I am looking into the Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 processor, as that is the processor in my phone. The AI/ML processor within it is known as the Qualcomm AI Engine. Precision-wise, the engine has support for all precisions, ranging from INT4 all the way to FP16. This is important for power efficiency, as at a higher precision an SoC will require more power to acquire that precision, generally lowering efficiency. Alternatively, dropping your precision will cause a drop in power use, generally increasing efficiency. This is caused by the fact that higher precision requires higher amounts of data usage. Unfortunately I was unable to find a TOPs number on Qualcomm's website.

For secondary features that the engine processes, it utilizes a Qualcomm Kryo CPU, running up to 3.36GHz, and a Qualcomm Adreno GPU. These are how the chip powers the phone, it's the heart and soul of the phone. It uses these to help run any AI Assistant locally, such as Gemini, and formerly Samsung's Bixby. It also utilizes a Qualcomm Spectra for Image Signal Processing, with a max depth of 18 bits. This is utilized in several features, such as AI based auto exposure, which is used whenever you are not using manual mode in your phone's camera for exposure selection! It also powers facial recognition, which allows for facial biometric unlocks. It also allows for extreme low light photography, as well as a visual analytics engine too. For fingerprints, it utilizes a Qualcomm 3D Sonic Sensor, or a 3D Sonic Sensor Max, obviously to power fingerprint biometrics.

This chip's function relates to today's class discussion as it performs various precisions for power efficiency, as well as various other functions. Power efficiency primarily, though, as it's diverse range of efficiency allows the chip to operate at max efficiency, and doesn't lock it into an unnecessary amount of precision for a low precision task, and doesn't lock it into a high precision task when it can only be so precise. Both cases improve power efficiency, as it allows the chip to use only what it needs. It also allows for parallel processing with its multi core CPU, allowing for 8 tasks to be completed simultaneously. This enhances the chip's parallelism, as it allows for the chip to complete several tasks simultaneously.